1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China./ 2; You just landed at “Mother Teresa Airport”. People are already standing even though the plane hasn't landed yet. Once you get off, you see a man with a suspiciously similar jacket to the one of the murderer. What do you do?# go to Albania
2; You just landed at “Mother Teresa Airport”. People are already standing even though the plane hasn't landed yet. Once you get off, you see a man with a suspiciously similar jacket to the one of the murderer. What do you do?/ 3; You go up to him and realize that he’s not who you’re looking for. You get a little embarrassed, and take a few steps back, blending into the crowd.# Follow the man
2; You just landed at “Mother Teresa Airport”. People are already standing even though the plane hasn't landed yet. Once you get off, you see a man with a suspiciously similar jacket to the one of the murderer. What do you do?/ 4; You go through customs and are now looking for a ride into the city. The alleged suspect seems to have left before you, but the middle-aged taxi guy seems to know where he went, as he knows the driver of the bus the suspect supposedly took. He offers a ride.# Keep going normally
3; You go up to him and realize that he’s not who you’re looking for. You get a little embarrassed, and take a few steps back, blending into the crowd./ 4; You go through customs and are now looking for a ride into the city. The alleged suspect seems to have left before you, but the middle-aged taxi guy seems to know where he went, as he knows the driver of the bus the suspect supposedly took. He offers a ride.# Go back to airport
4; You go through customs and are now looking for a ride into the city. The alleged suspect seems to have left before you, but the middle-aged taxi guy seems to know where he went, as he knows the driver of the bus the suspect supposedly took. He offers a ride./ 5; He takes you to Tirana and gets stuck in traffic. He’s almost sure the suspect got on a bus to the city of Elbasan. You’re losing so much time.# Take it
4; You go through customs and are now looking for a ride into the city. The alleged suspect seems to have left before you, but the middle-aged taxi guy seems to know where he went, as he knows the driver of the bus the suspect supposedly took. He offers a ride./ 6; Everyone gives you mixed directions, so you ultimately have to end up going to Elbasan like the first guy suggested# Keep asking around
5; He takes you to Tirana and gets stuck in traffic. He’s almost sure the suspect got on a bus to the city of Elbasan. You’re losing so much time./ 101; Oops. Now you’re on the street and ride-less. You finally get some phone service and get a text from your boss: the suspect escaped and you’ve been fired. You knew you shouldn’t have partied so much the night before...# get off the car
5; He takes you to Tirana and gets stuck in traffic. He’s almost sure the suspect got on a bus to the city of Elbasan. You’re losing so much time./ 7; You’re now in Elbasan, right at the bus stop. You got there fast, but you’re so very hungry. You have some crumbs of plane food in your pockets, and you sigh in distress. Across the street is a sweet-looking old woman, holding a basket of baked goods, waving and talking in a language you don’t seem to understand. You remember how hungry you are.# Sit tight
6; Everyone gives you mixed directions, so you ultimately have to end up going to Elbasan like the first guy suggested/ 5; He takes you to Tirana and gets stuck in traffic. He’s almost sure the suspect got on a bus to the city of Elbasan. You’re losing so much time.# Take the ride
6; Everyone gives you mixed directions, so you ultimately have to end up going to Elbasan like the first guy suggested/ 101; Oops. Now you’re on the street and ride-less. You finally get some phone service and get a text from your boss: the suspect escaped and you’ve been fired. You knew you shouldn’t have partied so much the night before...# Start walking
101; Oops. Now you’re on the street and ride-less. You finally get some phone service and get a text from your boss: the suspect escaped and you’ve been fired. You knew you shouldn’t have partied so much the night before.../ 404; Exit the game# Quit the game
101; Oops. Now you’re on the street and ride-less. You finally get some phone service and get a text from your boss: the suspect escaped and you’ve been fired. You knew you shouldn’t have partied so much the night before.../ 1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China.# Play again
7; You’re now in Elbasan, right at the bus stop. You got there fast, but you’re so very hungry. You have some crumbs of plane food in your pockets, and you sigh in distress. Across the street is a sweet-looking old woman, holding a basket of baked goods, waving and talking in a language you don’t seem to understand. You remember how hungry you are./ 13; You’re tired and weak. You’ll eventually need food if you wanna continue your mission.# Sit down and rest
13; You’re tired and weak. You’ll eventually need food if you wanna continue your mission./ 7; You’re now in Elbasan, right at the bus stop. You got there fast, but you’re so very hungry. You have some crumbs of plane food in your pockets, and you sigh in distress. Across the street is a sweet-looking old woman, holding a basket of baked goods, waving and talking in a language you don’t seem to understand. You remember how hungry you are.# Go back to Elbasan
7; You’re now in Elbasan, right at the bus stop. You got there fast, but you’re so very hungry. You have some crumbs of plane food in your pockets, and you sigh in distress. Across the street is a sweet-looking old woman, holding a basket of baked goods, waving and talking in a language you don’t seem to understand. You remember how hungry you are./ 8; She invites you to her house, stating that she also just fed another guy that fits the description of your suspect. You figure that this woman knows something that could be of use to you. What do you do?# Ask for food
8; She invites you to her house, stating that she also just fed another guy that fits the description of your suspect. You figure that this woman knows something that could be of use to you. What do you do?/ 9; “No food unless you come”# Ask for her food
8; She invites you to her house, stating that she also just fed another guy that fits the description of your suspect. You figure that this woman knows something that could be of use to you. What do you do?/ 10; She lays out what seems like an entire week’s worth of food in front of you. You are so happy you almost forget what you’re there for. You ask her questions about the guy, and she tells you that she gave him the keys to her house in a different country, and asks if you want the postal code in case you want to visit your “friend”.# Go to her house
9; “No food unless you come”/ 13; You’re tired and weak. You’ll eventually need food if you wanna continue your mission.# Sit down
9; “No food unless you come”/ 10; She lays out what seems like an entire week’s worth of food in front of you. You are so happy you almost forget what you’re there for. You ask her questions about the guy, and she tells you that she gave him the keys to her house in a different country, and asks if you want the postal code in case you want to visit your “friend”.# Go to the house
10; She lays out what seems like an entire week’s worth of food in front of you. You are so happy you almost forget what you’re there for. You ask her questions about the guy, and she tells you that she gave him the keys to her house in a different country, and asks if you want the postal code in case you want to visit your “friend”./ 12; Grandma bores you with unnecessary details & doesn’t let you leave.# Keep eating
10; She lays out what seems like an entire week’s worth of food in front of you. You are so happy you almost forget what you’re there for. You ask her questions about the guy, and she tells you that she gave him the keys to her house in a different country, and asks if you want the postal code in case you want to visit your “friend”./ 11; You’re suddenly at the port of Durres, about to take a ferry boat to postal code 3200. It seems like you’re on your way to Tunisia.# Follow the address
12; Grandma bores you with unnecessary details & doesn’t let you leave./ 11; You’re suddenly at the port of Durres, about to take a ferry boat to postal code 3200. It seems like you’re on your way to Tunisia.# Follow the address
12; Grandma bores you with unnecessary details & doesn’t let you leave./ 13; You’re tired and weak. You’ll eventually need food if you wanna continue your mission.# Sit down and keep quiet
11; You’re suddenly at the port of Durres, about to take a ferry boat to postal code 3200. It seems like you’re on your way to Tunisia./ 27; You have just made it to the country of Tunisia, which is a small one. You’re now standing in the biggest street in the capital Tunis. In front of you is: a train station, a police officer, a small hotel that looks old. What do you do?# Go to Tunisia
1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China./ 14; You landed at Beijing International Airport. After you get out off the plane, you could smell various food in the air. “上车饺子下车面，”before your departure you have to eat some dumplings and after your arrival you have to eat some noodles. Would you go for a bowl of noodles?# go to China
14; You landed at Beijing International Airport. After you get out off the plane, you could smell various food in the air. “上车饺子下车面，”before your departure you have to eat some dumplings and after your arrival you have to eat some noodles. Would you go for a bowl of noodles?/ 15; You went to the nearest restaurant in the airport. When chatting with a waitress, they told you that there was a weird man who came to eat today. He kept his green cap on even when he accidentally spill the noodle soup on it. Green is a special color and you remembered it. Suspicious.What do you do?# Eat noodles
14; You landed at Beijing International Airport. After you get out off the plane, you could smell various food in the air. “上车饺子下车面，”before your departure you have to eat some dumplings and after your arrival you have to eat some noodles. Would you go for a bowl of noodles?/ 16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?# Go home and rest
15; You went to the nearest restaurant in the airport. When chatting with a waitress, they told you that there was a weird man who came to eat today. He kept his green cap on even when he accidentally spill the noodle soup on it. Green is a special color and you remembered it. Suspicious.What do you do?/ 17; Waitress: Is it that important?! I just work here and I don’t want to be in your whatever investigation business. Don’t talk to me again please.# Keep asking for more details
15; You went to the nearest restaurant in the airport. When chatting with a waitress, they told you that there was a weird man who came to eat today. He kept his green cap on even when he accidentally spill the noodle soup on it. Green is a special color and you remembered it. Suspicious.What do you do?/ 16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?# Finish noodles and leave
17; Waitress: Is it that important?! I just work here and I don’t want to be in your whatever investigation business. Don’t talk to me again please./ 16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?# Apologize and leave
17; Waitress: Is it that important?! I just work here and I don’t want to be in your whatever investigation business. Don’t talk to me again please./ 16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?# Argue with the waitress
17; Waitress: Is it that important?! I just work here and I don’t want to be in your whatever investigation business. Don’t talk to me again please./ 102; The waitress thinks you are crazy and calls the police to send you for mental health treatment. You lose the game.# Explain to the waitress about your investigation
102; The waitress thinks you are crazy and calls the police to send you for mental health treatment. You lose the game./ 1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China.# Play again
102; The waitress thinks you are crazy and calls the police to send you for mental health treatment. You lose the game./ 404; Exit the game# Quit the game
16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?/ 18; You find an invitation for a family dinner at your cousin’s house tomorrow. You wonder why they didn’t just send you a wechat message. Does it mean that this is not only a family gathering? What do you wear?# Go check the mailbox
16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?/ 18; You find an invitation for a family dinner at your cousin’s house tomorrow. You wonder why they didn’t just send you a wechat message. Does it mean that this is not only a family gathering? What do you wear?# Send your dog to get it
16; You go back home. It's been a long day. When you finally laid down, you heard the ring from the mailbox. Who would ever put things in the mailbox in 9pm?/ 20; You received a WeChat message from your cousin the other day, and they told you to come to a family dinner tonight. You wonder how did they know that you’re now back in China.What do you wear?# Ignore the mail
18; You find an invitation for a family dinner at your cousin’s house tomorrow. You wonder why they didn’t just send you a wechat message. Does it mean that this is not only a family gathering? What do you wear?/ 19; You found someone who dressed like a prisoner and kept their green cap on at this fancy dinner. He seems to fit the description for the suspect you’re looking for. There are also many weird men in China though. Who cares.# Dress fancy
18; You find an invitation for a family dinner at your cousin’s house tomorrow. You wonder why they didn’t just send you a wechat message. Does it mean that this is not only a family gathering? What do you wear?/ 21; You found that it’s not only a family gathering, but there were also many business friends of your cousin’s. You felt embarrassed.# Dress casual
20; You received a WeChat message from your cousin the other day, and they told you to come to a family dinner tonight. You wonder how did they know that you’re now back in China.What do you wear?/ 21; You found that it’s not only a family gathering, but there were also many business friends of your cousin’s. You felt embarrassed.# Dress casual
21; You found that it’s not only a family gathering, but there were also many business friends of your cousin’s. You felt embarrassed./ 19; You found someone who dressed like a prisoner and kept their green cap on at this fancy dinner. He seems to fit the description for the suspect you’re looking for. There are also many weird men in China though. Who cares.# Change your outfit
19; You found someone who dressed like a prisoner and kept their green cap on at this fancy dinner. He seems to fit the description for the suspect you’re looking for. There are also many weird men in China though. Who cares./ 103; The police officer doesn’t seem to trust you with full heart...# Call the cops
103; The police officer doesn’t seem to trust you with full heart.../ 404; Exit the game# Quit the game
103; The police officer doesn’t seem to trust you with full heart.../ 1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China.# Play again
19; You found someone who dressed like a prisoner and kept their green cap on at this fancy dinner. He seems to fit the description for the suspect you’re looking for. There are also many weird men in China though. Who cares./ 22; You got distracted by your cousin’s business friend. “Drink with me or that means you despise me,” you had to drink with him and it doesn’t matter if you’re not 21 yet.# Follow the suspect
19; You found someone who dressed like a prisoner and kept their green cap on at this fancy dinner. He seems to fit the description for the suspect you’re looking for. There are also many weird men in China though. Who cares./ 22; You got distracted by your cousin’s business friend. “Drink with me or that means you despise me,” you had to drink with him and it doesn’t matter if you’re not 21 yet.# Ignore it
22; You got distracted by your cousin’s business friend. “Drink with me or that means you despise me,” you had to drink with him and it doesn’t matter if you’re not 21 yet./ 23; You wanted to have some food from home so you sit by the table. There was a dish of steamed fish with scallion that attracted you, but the side facing up had little meat left. You wanted to flip the fish, while someone at your table was from the seaside. “Flip the fish, flip the ship,” he told you (Chinese superstition). You hesitated and wonder if you should flip the fish. What would you do?# Get drunk
23; You wanted to have some food from home so you sit by the table. There was a dish of steamed fish with scallion that attracted you, but the side facing up had little meat left. You wanted to flip the fish, while someone at your table was from the seaside. “Flip the fish, flip the ship,” he told you (Chinese superstition). You hesitated and wonder if you should flip the fish. What would you do?/ 24; When flipping, you found something in the fish’s belly.What do you do?# Flip the fish
23; You wanted to have some food from home so you sit by the table. There was a dish of steamed fish with scallion that attracted you, but the side facing up had little meat left. You wanted to flip the fish, while someone at your table was from the seaside. “Flip the fish, flip the ship,” he told you (Chinese superstition). You hesitated and wonder if you should flip the fish. What would you do?/ 25; You kept the fish so you had to pick the meat from the other side. You chewed and found something that was not meat-like.# Keep the fish as it was
24; When flipping, you found something in the fish’s belly.What do you do?/ 26; A note with coordinates (36.800054°N 10.185184°E). You chase those coordinates and get on a plane.# Open it
25; You kept the fish so you had to pick the meat from the other side. You chewed and found something that was not meat-like./ 26; A note with coordinates (36.800054°N 10.185184°E). You chase those coordinates and get on a plane.# Spit it out
26; A note with coordinates (36.800054°N 10.185184°E). You chase those coordinates and get on a plane./ 27; You have just made it to the country of Tunisia, which is a small one. You’re now standing in the biggest street in the capital Tunis. In front of you is: a train station, a police officer, a small hotel that looks old. What do you do?# Go to Tunisia
27; You have just made it to the country of Tunisia, which is a small one. You’re now standing in the biggest street in the capital Tunis. In front of you is: a train station, a police officer, a small hotel that looks old. What do you do?/ 28; You tried to talk to the police officer in English but they didn’t understand what you were saying. You had the idea to pull out your phone and bring up the news post about the murder. You used google translate to make the whole thing in Arabic and showed it to the police officer. They said something you didn’t really understand but they pointed you towards the small hotel you were looking at earlier.# Talk to the police officer
27; You have just made it to the country of Tunisia, which is a small one. You’re now standing in the biggest street in the capital Tunis. In front of you is: a train station, a police officer, a small hotel that looks old. What do you do?/ 29; You got there but you don’t really know where you want to go or how you’d communicate with the people in there# Go to the train station
27; You have just made it to the country of Tunisia, which is a small one. You’re now standing in the biggest street in the capital Tunis. In front of you is: a train station, a police officer, a small hotel that looks old. What do you do?/ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go to hotel
28; You tried to talk to the police officer in English but they didn’t understand what you were saying. You had the idea to pull out your phone and bring up the news post about the murder. You used google translate to make the whole thing in Arabic and showed it to the police officer. They said something you didn’t really understand but they pointed you towards the small hotel you were looking at earlier./ 31; You’re back at the main street where you were just standing. For some reason the hotel right in front of you seems familiar. You decide to google it and it turns out that a crime happened there a couple of months ago and people stopped going. The hotel is trying to avoid bankruptcy so the stay is really cheap and you could use it for the night.# Go back to where you were
29; You got there but you don’t really know where you want to go or how you’d communicate with the people in there/ 31; You’re back at the main street where you were just standing. For some reason the hotel right in front of you seems familiar. You decide to google it and it turns out that a crime happened there a couple of months ago and people stopped going. The hotel is trying to avoid bankruptcy so the stay is really cheap and you could use it for the night.# Go back to previous location
29; You got there but you don’t really know where you want to go or how you’d communicate with the people in there/ 30; You have somehow managed to get yourself a ticket and get on the train. It dropped you off at the seaport. There are still so many people around and you realize you’re way off from where the suspect probably is. What do you do?# Get on the next train and see where it leads you
30; You have somehow managed to get yourself a ticket and get on the train. It dropped you off at the seaport. There are still so many people around and you realize you’re way off from where the suspect probably is. What do you do?/ 31; You’re back at the main street where you were just standing. For some reason the hotel right in front of you seems familiar. You decide to google it and it turns out that a crime happened there a couple of months ago and people stopped going. The hotel is trying to avoid bankruptcy so the stay is really cheap and you could use it for the night.# Go back to the main street
31; You’re back at the main street where you were just standing. For some reason the hotel right in front of you seems familiar. You decide to google it and it turns out that a crime happened there a couple of months ago and people stopped going. The hotel is trying to avoid bankruptcy so the stay is really cheap and you could use it for the night./ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go to the hotel
32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window./ 33; Eavesdropping through room doors. You couldn’t hear much. People here are either too quiet or ..... Non-existent. You have to go back. What do you do?# Walk by rooms
32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window./ 34; You made it all the way downstairs then you were at a dead-end. The door right in front of you is locked and says “staff only”. You have to go back. What do you do?# Follow basement staircase
32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window./ 35; You went up and you can see the full city from above. There’s nothing particular that caught your attention. You have to go back. What do you do?# Follow roof staircase
35; You went up and you can see the full city from above. There’s nothing particular that caught your attention. You have to go back. What do you do?/ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go back to hotel lobby
34; You made it all the way downstairs then you were at a dead-end. The door right in front of you is locked and says “staff only”. You have to go back. What do you do?/ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go back to lobby
33; Eavesdropping through room doors. You couldn’t hear much. People here are either too quiet or ..... Non-existent. You have to go back. What do you do?/ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Return to hotel lobby
32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window./ 36; The window overlooks a narrow street downstairs. As you browse through the many faces, you see someone wearing a Smith College sweatshirt. What do you do?# Peek through the window
104; You are missing a very important piece.../ 36; The window overlooks a narrow street downstairs. As you browse through the many faces, you see someone wearing a Smith College sweatshirt. What do you do?# Peek through the windows
36; The window overlooks a narrow street downstairs. As you browse through the many faces, you see someone wearing a Smith College sweatshirt. What do you do?/ 37; You’re now talking to the Tunisian Smithie about the murder. She seems to be aware and tells you that she read something on the Smith Confessional page. She pulls up the website and you read the following: “Murderer of EggsBenedict is being held captive in Cutter-Ziskind basement. He made his way back from Tunisia yesterday”. You thank the Smithie and go back to Northampton. You’re on campus, and a CAMPO car stops you.You don’t know where Cutter-Ziskind is. What do you do?# Get their attention
36; The window overlooks a narrow street downstairs. As you browse through the many faces, you see someone wearing a Smith College sweatshirt. What do you do?/ 104; You are missing a very important piece...# Ignore them
36; The window overlooks a narrow street downstairs. As you browse through the many faces, you see someone wearing a Smith College sweatshirt. What do you do?/ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go back to the lobby
104; You are missing a very important piece.../ 32; You got in and it was really old and sketchy. The person at the desk doesn’t seem to be super chatty, but you overheard one of the residents of the hotel talk and you have the feeling they would be helpful. You’re now in the hallway that leads to your room. You have in front of you: a staircase that leads to the roof, a staircase that leads to the basement, a couple of rooms, a window.# Go to hotel lobby
37; You’re now talking to the Tunisian Smithie about the murder. She seems to be aware and tells you that she read something on the Smith Confessional page. She pulls up the website and you read the following: “Murderer of EggsBenedict is being held captive in Cutter-Ziskind basement. He made his way back from Tunisia yesterday”. You thank the Smithie and go back to Northampton. You’re on campus, and a CAMPO car stops you.You don’t know where Cutter-Ziskind is. What do you do?/ 38; You’re at C-Z basement. You finally made it and the suspect is one door away. What do you do?# Ask Campo
37; You’re now talking to the Tunisian Smithie about the murder. She seems to be aware and tells you that she read something on the Smith Confessional page. She pulls up the website and you read the following: “Murderer of EggsBenedict is being held captive in Cutter-Ziskind basement. He made his way back from Tunisia yesterday”. You thank the Smithie and go back to Northampton. You’re on campus, and a CAMPO car stops you.You don’t know where Cutter-Ziskind is. What do you do?/ 105; Smith Confessional is never a credible source!! You have been misled and lose track of time on reading about irrelevant things...# Ask about it on Smith Confessional
105; Smith Confessional is never a credible source!! You have been misled and lose track of time on reading about irrelevant things.../ 404; Exiting...# Quit the game
105; Smith Confessional is never a credible source!! You have been misled and lose track of time on reading about irrelevant things.../ 1; You’ve been tasked to solve the mysterious case of the murder of EggsBenedict, the grumpy neighbor of many on Elm St in Northampton, MA. Just as the police arrived at the crime scene, the murderer escaped, zigzaging his way out of Western Massachusetts and onto Logan International Airport, from where you see him easily go through security and disappear into the loud crowd. You want to follow him, however, you get asked by the TSA officer to step to the side as you seem to be carrying some suspicious item: one of those bottle openers from the night before. While you clear things up with the TSA, you see the murderer one last time. He boards flight UA420. Or is it 429? As you try to decide which one of the two to take, you realize one is going to Tirana, Albania, and the other one is headed to Beijing, China.# Play again
37; You’re now talking to the Tunisian Smithie about the murder. She seems to be aware and tells you that she read something on the Smith Confessional page. She pulls up the website and you read the following: “Murderer of EggsBenedict is being held captive in Cutter-Ziskind basement. He made his way back from Tunisia yesterday”. You thank the Smithie and go back to Northampton. You’re on campus, and a CAMPO car stops you.You don’t know where Cutter-Ziskind is. What do you do?/ 38; You’re at C-Z basement. You finally made it and the suspect is one door away. What do you do?# Look it up on Google
38; You’re at C-Z basement. You finally made it and the suspect is one door away. What do you do?/ 39; Congratulations! The EggsBenedict murderer is standing right in front of you and you get to handcuff him. You’re a worthy investigator.# Open the door